Create ui-c8y-1019-7-6-improve-api-examples-5676-graft-release-cd-5732.md (#1778)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/ui-c8y-1019-7-6-improve-api-examples-5676-graft-release-cd-5732.md

---
date: ""

> title: Improve api examples (#5676) [GRAFT][release/cd] (#5732)

Author: The Claude AI suggested to use the following title:
```suggestion
title: Improve API examples
```

product_area: Application enablement & solutions
change_type:
  - value: change-2c7RdTdXo4
    label: Improvement
component:
  - value: component-YbYJ3gLU_
    label: Web SDK
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: MTM-57884
version: 1019.7.6
---

> Improve api examples (#5676) [GRAFT][release/cd] (#5732)

Author: The Claude AI suggested to use the following body:
```suggestion
The API examples have been improved in this release. Changes include fixing broken links, updating outdated information, adding missing code snippets, and improving overall clarity and consistency across API documentation. These improvements aim to provide developers with better references and guides when working with the APIs.
```

> The JSDoc annotations have been improved in this release. Changes include fixing broken links, updating outdated information, adding missing code snippets, and improving overall clarity. These improvements aim to provide developers with better references and guides when working with the Web SDK.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The JSDoc annotations have been improved. Changes include fixing broken links, updating outdated information, adding missing code snippets, and improving overall clarity. These improvements aim at providing developers with better references and guides when working with the Web SDK.
```
